## *Agenda*
- *Discuss updates since Wednesday [[2023-02-01]]*
- *Update Gavin with landing logic of lua script*
	- Update David with lua script
	- *Schedule a test flight*. Aim for at least two devs there
- *Develop takeoff script in lua*
	- *Try to brainstorm for the future while considering information Nick found*
		- *When will this script know when to activate?*
	- *Make sure it will work with landing script*
- Discuss and brainstorm how it will all work together
	- Missions, lua scripts, Beacon/Atlas


# Updates
Nick
- Working on reading mission files into lua
Adam
- Continued working on VSCode extension
David
- Working on installing and running flight
Brady
- Working on lua dev envirment and looking into integration between missions and lua

# Next
Brady:
- Continue working on lua dev environment. Mission an lua integration
David:
- Trying to get lua testing environment set up. Flight gear
Nick:
- Working on reading mission files 
Adam:
- VSCode extension


















# Notes
- David is done with other work at lab


# 1-1 with David
I am expecting 5-10 hours per week
My directions may not always be clear
I am starting more direct deliverables and expectations
Should I have him take the inittiative on the knowledge base

### What I can do better
- Be more clear of what we are trying to do
- Provide better feedback when I twe could have done better.

## Introduction
- Thanks for meeting with me
- As we get closer the end of the project, I need to make sure that we as a team are working effectively and efficiently. 
- I understand that you are busy, but let's find a way to make AIDED work for you
- I understand that I have not been completely clear on what's expected, but I am working on improving that.
- I want you to be able to say you had a significant contribution

## Performace Review
- Find specific cases where David has fallen short of expectations

## Schedule Issues
- Ask David about his corrent schedule
	- other jobs
	- number of credits
	- How man do you have per day?

## Expectations
- What are my expectations going forward?
	- How clear can I make them wihtout being consecending?

## Support
- Tell david that he should be asking for help when he's stuck
- Is there anything else I/we can be doing to help you?

## Discussion
- Ask for David's point of view
- How does David plan on improving his performace?

## Conclusion
- Summarize points
- reiterate on any agreements made

New USRC proposal: In or out?